this entire residential area has been
flattened by the Israeli occupation
forces it's now a ghost City there is no
trace of human
life while filming we discovered this
was a center Sheltering displ
Palestinians as we were filming we found
that body lying over there in the middle
of what once was a temporary shelter no
one could come near the body to bury him
for fear of being
targeted we're going to report to the
civil defense teams
anyway it seems he was killed in an
Israeli air strike until now no one has
been able to recover or bury this
body our camera crew cannot get any
closer we have taken Refuge Behind These
ruined
buildings this entire area is under
Israeli Air Raids totally controlled by
Israeli
Firepower no one can enter shaj or the
main roads all of which are now
controlled by Israeli tanks troops and
warships from the sea it should be noted
that shaja used to be a densely
populated neighborhood bustling with
life to my left that was the main Open
Marketplace Israeli tanks are stationed
on the road behind it just meters away
as you can see the entire area has been
totally destroyed leveled by the Israeli
occupation forces troops carried out two
ground offensives into shaj now there is
no sign of human
life on top of that High Ridge you can
see an Israeli tank it's stationed on
alar Ridge providing a view of the
entire area this is the second day of
the Israeli ground offensive in shaja a
number of bodies were found lying
abandoned on the ground many injured
victims are stranded without any
assistance
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al jaaz